[Gateway] Update file check common policy (#11861)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/policies/gateway/http-policies/common-policies.md

| ---------------------------- | -------- | -------------------- | ------ |
| Passed Device Posture Checks | in       | `Minimum OS version` | Allow  |

### Check for a specific file

Perform a [file check](/cloudflare-one/identity/devices/warp-client-checks/file-check/) to ensure users have a certain file on their system.

> Virtual machines may not pass file checks if their operating system differs from the host machine. To ensure checks pass for both operating systems, use the **Or** logical operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the file path will be different for each operating system, you can configure a file check for each system and use the **Or** logical operator to only require one of the checks to pass.
```
